twilio (#1303)
n8n-io/n8n-docs: docs/integrations/builtin/app-nodes/n8n-nodes-base.twilio.md

# Twilio

> The Twilio node allows you to automate work in Twilio, and integrate Twilio with other applications. n8n has built-in support for a wide range of Twilio features, including sending MMS/SMS and Whatsapp Messages. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Twilio node allows you to automate work in Twilio, and integrate Twilio with other applications. n8n supports sending MMS/SMS and WhatsApp Messages with Twilio. 
```
